Our project is a Flask web application. For the front-end of the website, we used HTML to create all the pages. We also utilized the Bootstrap library to style elements on the page. The decision to mostly use raw HTML stemmed from the fact that this was primarily a static website. There is little to no movement on the page until a user clicks a button to view meals, input meals, or perform any other action on the site. Therefore, for simplicity’s sake, it made sense to primarily use HTML. 
    
    For the back-end of the website, we used Python / Flask. The functionality of the back-end can be divided into two parts: data collection and database manipulation. 

    First, for the data collection, we used the BeautifulSoup library to scrape the HUDS website (http://www.foodpro.huds.harvard.edu/foodpro/menu_items.asp?type=30&meal=1). Given that menu items are divided into their own tags on the HTML of the HUDS page, we felt that scraping the website directly would be the most accurate way to get the menu information. We were not able to obtain the nutritional information by using CS50’s API because it returned an empty list for certain menu items. So, we decided to proceed with the web scraping route to individually go to each menu item link and scrape the nutritional information of each item. 

    Second, for database manipulation, we opted to use SQL databases (much like the Finance problem set). We have three databases: menu_data, today_meals, and discussion. Menu_data stores the name of each day’s menu items in the database as well as all the nutritional information corresponding to each menu item. Today_meals stores the menu items and nutritional information of the meals that people input for the day. Finally, the discussion database stores all of the discussion board comments that people make. These databases allowed us to perform the core functionalities of the site because we could update the database any time a user decided to input a new meal, store the information for the daily menu items, and store the discussion board comments.